Does Mr. Rong have anything to do with me?
What the hell is going on with Rongzhi and Jon?
Did you forget what I warned you?
Cloud Nine
Mr. Rong, I'm just working normally
My second son Rong just asked me to design jewelry
Haven't you always been clear-cut?
Don't be glib with me here
I'm just stating the facts.
No matter what the status of the company's customers is
Should be taken seriously, shouldn't it?
Since you don't understand the situation
I'll tell you.
Rong Xiuyuan doesn't like him at all
I have ulterior motives with you
I'm just friends with Muli
The feud between your brothers has nothing to do with me
But I abide by the agreement with you.
Don't interfere in my private life
Did you know
Rong Xiuyun approaches you
It could put you and your child in danger
I don't know what misunderstanding you have with your brother.
But I don't think he will hurt the child.
Instead of worrying
Ignore your fiancée
Oh.
So you want to use Rong Xiuyuan to stimulate me?
Forced me to break off the engagement with Shen Wanci